Hi and welcome back!

   This series Is going to be learning some basics of programming using the programming language Python. Yes just like the beautiful reptile. I'll also have some intermediate and advanced tutorials later in the series. Since this is our first episode together though. we will be learning just some basic terminology today. There is no need to get out that wonderful little Box of electricity and blinking lights we call a computer today. so lets relax and learn.

   Speaking of learning This is my first time teaching so feel free to leave any comments, suggestions, or feedback in the comments and I’ll be happy to address them for you. I would also like to mention I’ll be posting the code for each series in their own github repo with folders in each named after the episode. You can also feel free to add comments, suggestions, and feedback as issues on this repo just like you would in the comments on the video. Each folder in the repo will contain the script and any materials used in the episode. I'm including the script so not only can you refer to it yourself if you have trouble understanding or need to follow along, but I also want to be considerate to those who have trouble hearing and it allows me to easily make subtitles later so everyone can participate. If you want the text in another format, please let me know and I'll be happy to provide it.
   
   If you don't know what a Repo is don't worry, you can follow along with the video.  Feel free to stop and start the videos as you need to in order to get a good look at everything on the screen.